# Security-Game: SecV – What is it?

Antiviruses tend to protect you from malwares. But they are just programs that can detect whether the computer is infected or not and then help clean it. Sure, they can warn you as well when you try to download something suspicious. But what about those attacks at your privacy which don’t need downloading at all? What if you could prevent them at the source?

Every once in a while we fall preys to the pretty lures on the internet without realizing what’s safe and what’s not. If basics of computer security was a compulsory course, maybe this problem could be avoided. Alas it isn’t right now! The good thing though is that there are a bunch of games on the internet that are designed to teach the basics of computer security.

Their websites are willingly made vulnerable to several attacks such as Phishing, Cross Site Scripting, HTML and SQL injection, Cross Site Request Forgery, you name it, in order to train the players about them. So, even if you know just the basics of web development i.e. HTML, CSS and Javascript, you are good to go. The problem is that it’s not just a sufficient condition, it’s necessary as well. And this creates the problem of prerequisite knowledge. While not everybody wishes to try their hands on coding, everybody deserves to know about the basics of cybersecurity. The answer to this problem is SecV.

SecV is a Security Vigilante game that aims to make you a security vigilante as well. It seeks to tell you all about the various nuances of security vulnerabilities that make your life living hell and how to prevent them and the best part is that you needn’t learn even the A, B, C’s of coding. Still you’ll manage to learn everything there is to learn about computer security.

Just start the game and get lost in an engaging story where you’ll be playing a total of 8 characters including a professional hacker as well. So cool, right? Throughout the story, apart from the gameplay, you’ll be using the tailor-made in-game computer system for the tasks corresponding to the storyline which will be more or less similar to the normal chores you do on your personal computer. It will have a complete file explorer, a browser, a terminal, innumerable apps and websites and much more. So, that should give you a picture of how exceptionally normal the tasks would be.

Well, why listen so much when you can see it for yourself? Head over to 35.163.128.228 and start playing. Mind you, it’s only a demo of the actual demo version, if you will. So, for the time being, it’s only a sturdy scaffolding. The furnishing is yet to be done. Have fun!
